# CS255 Portfolio

## DriverPass
For this project, the client was DriverPass. They were looking to have a new system designed and developed to help students prepare for their driver's test with the DMV. The system was designed for students to be able to purchase educational packages with different materials depending on the package as well as sign up for their driving sessions with the drivers that are employed by DriverPass. 

## Analysis and Design
For this project, I believe that I was able to learn what the needs of the DriverPass system were very well. An interview was conducted with the owner and IT officer to get a good feel for their needs, and I was able to learn what the functional requirements were for this system as well as many of the nonfunctional requirements. One thing I would have liked to revise were some of the system design documents, particularly the UML Use Case diagram, since when I got around to mapping out the different use cases and actors in the system, it got very messy and hard to track, so I would have made it simpler and stuck to only the big picture use cases as I feel I got a bit into the weeds with that diagram. Throughout this project a number of different methods were used to design and map out the system. First, an interview with DriverPass was conducted to get a sense of what the client was looking for in the system. Next, the non-functional and functional requirements were listed out so that these could be delivered to the client. After this, a number of UML diagrams were drawn to show the system in a variety of ways. Each diagram showed the system in a dfiferent way. For instance, a Use Case diagram shows each of the actors and different use cases in the system, whereas a UML class diagram shows the different objects and properties/methods of each object in the system, and sequence and activity diagrams break down one use case to show the sequence of events in that specific use case.

## System Design Implementation
When implementing the system design, I made sure to look at the interview of what the client needed in this system. I made sure that the functional needs discussed by the owner and IT Officer were met, meaning the ability for customers to purchase packages, sign up for driving classes, and view all materials that they have purchased, and also listened to the non-functional requirements such as having this system run on a cloud server, or making sure that the site was secure since users would be purchasing packages and need valid credentials to login and access the materials, and the non-functional requirement for an intuitive and easy to use user interface for the system. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing because they are the end user. Though the client asked for certain functional requirements, the end user needs must be considered because this is how value is added. If the end user doesn't like the design or if the system doesn't function well, then it will be hard for the client to give value to the customers and hard for them to gain the trust and businesof new users in the future. 
